Ah!
Meet a family of Internet trolls
More tired than watching me
Well, it's cleared. If you want this, it's easy for me to find it.
Another Internet trolls
Hey, His Royal Highness King Qi
Any advice?
If it was Princess Qi who did it earlier
I suggest you shut up
Why shut up?
Don't think that Father has asked you to treat Sixth Brother
Do you think it's over?
You have to admit your mistake.
Persuade him to apologize
Otherwise, I'll go to the queen mother's place
The imperial grandmother let them judge
How old are you?
Are you not weaned yet?
Everything has to go to the father, mother and queen
Don't you have a brain yourself?
I am but he should kiss me
How dare you humiliate me over and over again?
Am I wrong?
You believe everything Chu Mingcui says
Why don't you think about it?
Why should I hurt him?
Why would I kill him in public?
What do I want?
I'm not in enough trouble.
Am I not dying fast enough?
Because you're a scheming poisonous woman
Harming people doesn't need a reason at all
You go to hurt Mingcui first
Then he deceived his father
Now you're here to stir up trouble in my house again
You are jealous
Could it be that he went to the imperial court to complain, so he wanted to harm the sixth brother?